Mikhail Stepanov and Avraham Ilyayev
Fri, May 23, 2025

0:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi.

0:04 - Pauline Nguyen
Hi Pauline, how are you?

0:06 - Avraham Ilyayev
Good, how are you doing today?

0:08 - Avraham Ilyayev
Doing pretty good, doing pretty good. Nice to finally meet you in person.

0:12 - Pauline Nguyen
I know, it's nice to meet you too.

0:13 - Avraham Ilyayev
Thank you. Mike shall be joining us shortly I believe.

0:17 - Pauline Nguyen
Okay, okay, sounds good.

0:19 - Pauline Nguyen
Thank you so much.

0:21 - Avraham Ilyayev
Of course. I'm going to ping him in the meantime, see where he's at. Hello. Hey, Mike.

0:52 - Pauline Nguyen
Hey, Mike.

0:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi.

0:55 - Mikhail Stepanov
So let's start, I guess. So for polling, welcome to our guest meeting. Our host is our CEO. So today, we're going to discuss about essentially a technical candidacy for a graphic design position, like discussed previously. So this position offers, at the moment, a bundle of two packages. The first package for 20 hours will be half percent of the company. For this, essentially, you will work for 20 hours a week. So a quarter percent for you means that our community a valuation of $4 million. That means your equity will be worth $10,000 at the start. And of course, as our company grows, so will your equity. And for the second package, it will be $40 per hour for the other 20 hours. So in total, it will be 40 hours a week. That would be the idea. So let's see. I guess let me present your work. Just to refresh memory for everyone. So OK, let's see. Share screen.

2:25 - Mikhail Stepanov
So here's the brusher.

2:29 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

2:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

2:31 - Mikhail Stepanov
All right, so here's the first page.

2:37 - Mikhail Stepanov
And yeah, see it's selectable. I guess question for bowling. Uh, what type do you use for this one?

2:49 - Pauline Nguyen
Um what type I used Helvetica Yeah, I used Helvetica because that's what um, I pulled from the website Oh, no. No, that's what you gave me actually.

3:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah Okay Sounds good.

3:05 - Mikhail Stepanov
Okay, and I see you added The signature here.

3:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, yeah.

3:13 - Mikhail Stepanov
I made it more personable.

3:15 - Pauline Nguyen
Did you draw it or did you use some kind of font for this?

3:22 - Mikhail Stepanov
No, I just drew it on my tablet.

3:26 - Pauline Nguyen
Got it. OK. Sounds good. Very creative.

3:29 - Unidentified Speaker
I like that.

3:31 - Unidentified Speaker
It's very creative.

3:33 - Mikhail Stepanov
And I believe you also made a couple of work workshop cards, right? So here are the cards.

3:42 - Unidentified Speaker
But if you also use the same font, right?

3:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

3:47 - Mikhail Stepanov
So I had a question to ask.

3:50 - Avraham Ilyayev
Mike, if you could take us back to the white one.

3:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

3:56 - Avraham Ilyayev
You see the live workshop on the top?

4:00 - Avraham Ilyayev
On top of what? The L is a little bit cut off.

4:07 - Pauline Nguyen
Um, is that like, is that a part of the design? Um, no, it was supposed to be a gradient. Um, yeah, let me double check my end.

4:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Sure.

4:23 - Mikhail Stepanov
And I guess also Pauline, if you have time, can you, uh, I guess show us like your, I guess maybe the best design that matches our, I guess, the ask for the work that you're going to make here. Maybe like the five best designs, if possible.

4:48 - Pauline Nguyen
Okay, yeah, sure. Give me one second. I have a portfolio deck that just shows more about my personality and style.

5:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

5:00 - Pauline Nguyen
Okay, so my screen is sharing. And then, so here is some personal work I do like to illustrate in my free time. I do have a tablet, which is why I love drawing. These are just some styles that I have played around with in Procreate. Cool. And then more personal work. This is more Adobe Illustrator based. I've used Adobe since high school, and it is really fun. I started off with, I believe, InDesign, and then I found out about Illustrator, and I love drawing in Illustrator. I think it's great. It's great working with, you call it vectors. It's scalable, so if you make something too small, you could, it's easy to resize it for a different medium, for example, like a billboard or anything. So I really like the versatility of vector illustration. I included some hobbies. I recently did this thing called a home cafe with my friends. And this was the second time we did it. We decided to theme it this time around. So I drew some illustrations for our menu and then This was the little branding we had for that event. I just like designing in work, but I also like designing in my personal life. I think it brings life and color into your everyday activities. And then other hobbies I picked up, I took up photography. So I went with my friend and took some photos. On the left is the RAW, and then on the right is the design in Adobe Lightroom. That is very fun. I'm new to that, but I enjoy it. Expertise, so I have been a graphic designer at a non-profit called Fancico Charity. They collected donations and then they would serve the underprivileged communities in Vietnam. And then the second place I've worked for is Unfold. They were an astrotech startup company based in Belgium. And then, so I did a lot of asynchronous work with them to work on their branding mainly. For Fensico Charity, they already had branding, so it was mainly making brochures and everything that aligned with their branding. This one was starting from the ground up. And then right now I'm a design coordinator at Love Letters, or at San Jose Strong, but the group I'm working with is called Love Letters. You just make zines for the San Jose community, because that's where I'm from I'm from San Jose, California. So every year, we release two zines, which is basically like a mini magazine. And we just publish those. So this is a picture of our first batch. So for Fancy Co. Charity, just to reiterate, it's to serve unprivileged communities in Vietnam. I did layout design, visual assets, and email specifically in MailChimp. And then these are some examples of the designs that I did for them. They had a lot of things to share in terms of where the money went. And these are letters to donors to make sure that your money is going exactly here, and then just infographics. And then these are some email campaigns to update donors So it was a lot of online marketing and then direct marketing.

8:51 - Avraham Ilyayev
Any stuff revolving around Figma?

8:54 - Pauline Nguyen
No, not here. Not Figma here. And then later, this is just information. And it's also in Vietnamese because they were like Vietnamese based. And then on the right here was, there's this thing called Read.AI. Envelopes in the Asian community, right? And they were thinking about how to raise more money because it was during COVID and it was hard to meet up. And so I thought, well, now during COVID, I noticed that there's this trend. So sorry. There's this trend of small businesses and people trying to support small businesses. So I think we are a local nonprofit. I think we should jump to that trend and also sell a product, not just because mainly what we do is we collect donations and then our product or service is, oh, you support this orphan or you support water infrastructure in Vietnam. But then I thought maybe this would be like a cute little way to sell even more and gain community support with art. And this did 1,600 in profits. It was really cool. We just used Facebook to get the word out. And then we also reached out to a lot of universities in the area who had a Vietnamese club base. And then the next part is Unfold, which is an astrology startup. What they did was they took public data and analyzed it. And then they they crossed it with users to see what would be best for their next career path. So for example, do you two know anything about astrology?

10:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

10:51 - Unidentified Speaker
It's OK.

10:52 - Pauline Nguyen
I don't know that much either from Mike. But so basically, it's a lot of where the stars and moon and sun was where when you were born, right? It sounds silly, but it is kind of fun when I talked to the CEO for this company. So what she did was she looked at public data and then, for example, she'd look at Beyonce. And then if Beyonce was born on this day, wherever her son is, and then wherever, if your son and moon matches with Beyonce, and then they'd know, oh, Beyonce on July 8th, she released an album and it was very successful. Because you are so aligned with her maybe on July 8th. You should really really focus in on Your career and this would be a good day to focus on that. So it sounds a little silly, but it's kind of fun lifestyle way anything for people to Like I think astrology is pretty cool just in terms of like way of thinking Yeah, that's great this Phenomenal.

12:03 - Avraham Ilyayev
I like you. Thank you so much. We are just a little pressured for time. We do have two minutes. Oh, okay. Okay. But don't worry. If you can, I like to review it also go into deeper dive with Mike. It seems very fascinating. But just from a time perspective, we have two minutes until our next call.

12:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

12:22 - Avraham Ilyayev
Okay. Sounds good. I like your brochures. I like the creativity aspect of it. I like the ability of you being very versatile and being able be flexible with different aspects of the design and adding new things to it. So I think that's great. From a live workshop card perspective, I think it's great too. It's not that bad, actually. Originally, I thought that it was, frankly, it was okay, but I look at it now, I think it looks a little better. I go through hundreds of different types of people, so I may misconstrue a couple, but I look at it now and I think it's great. So the biggest thing for us is ensuring that Figma actually works. We're going to There's no issue from an Adobe perspective, but we like doing everything in a centralized manner. So we like having everything under one design platform rather than the other. So, Mike, if you want to pull up the worksheets maybe, for example, just to show Pauline, just a quick little example before time runs out of some work that our current or former, now, graphic designer has done, Manisha, through, you know, She started through Adobe and then we kind of had to switch to Figma. Does this kind of fall under your wheelhouse or under your purview in terms of doing Figma?

13:38 - Pauline Nguyen
Yeah, so I told Mike that while I don't have anything like any projects done with Figma, I have worked with Figma. So on this screen really quickly, there are these photos of like an app, right, on a phone. So I did have to go into Figma, pull that out. So I am familiar with like components and styles in Figma. So I could work my way around Figma and I've played around with it. I just don't have like something to show for it, but I do have that experience with working with it. Gotcha.

14:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

14:10 - Avraham Ilyayev
So what Mike has here in front of you, would it be difficult for you to do this on Figma? I'm sure it's possible on Adobe, but in terms of Figma, would this something that would be challenging for you?

14:22 - Pauline Nguyen
No, this would be, easy to do in Figma. Okay. That's great to hear.

14:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, cool.

14:28 - Avraham Ilyayev
Very good.

14:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

14:29 - Avraham Ilyayev
What Mike and I will do is we'll have a conversation with him. Because time has run out, we do have a different call right now. Yeah. We'll have a conversation. You're awesome. Thank you again for taking the time to have a conversation and show us some of the work that you're doing. Him and I will chat and then I'll have him reach back out to you later today. And we can start moving forward with the onboarding process. Okay.

14:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

14:56 - Pauline Nguyen
Sounds good. Thank you so much for your time today and good luck with the rest of it.

15:02 - Mikhail Stepanov
Thank you again and I'll talk to you soon.

15:06 - Mikhail Stepanov
Bye bye.

15:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you.

15:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye.