Mikhail Stepanov and Avraham Ilyayev
Fri, May 23, 2025

0:00 - Edward Obi
So let me share my screen with you, sir.

0:03 - Mikhail Stepanov
Yeah, something public that it's okay for you to share.

0:07 - Edward Obi
Edward, it's very nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, sir. Avraham. Nice to meet you, sir.

0:14 - Avraham Ilyayev
Thank you. Mike, I do have 13 minutes for my next call. So let's see if we can try to switch this in for 13 minutes.

0:23 - Edward Obi
I don't know if you can see this, sir.

0:27 - Mikhail Stepanov
Can you see it?

0:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

0:28 - Edward Obi
Okay. This, let me zoom it a bit. Okay, these are some of the work we've done in the past. This was done in collaboration with my team member, It took us at least three months to do some of these works, right? This was for Pepsi. We redesigned the Pepsi web design. And the second one was for a real estate company, while the third one was for Pepsi. Yeah, so... Okay.

1:17 - Mikhail Stepanov
A question I guess, did Pepsi actually reach out to you?

1:23 - Edward Obi
And like bought an ad for you or how does what I just did for yourself Pepsi design in the Pepsi design Okay, the Pepsi design you just just you know, you know kind of let's say a case study something like that We just decided to do it. We are not affiliated with Pepsi. Sorry, sir. We are not affiliated with Pepsi We just, you know, just do our portfolio to show what we can and you understand, yeah. Okay, yes, I understand, okay. However, I will type a link, I will send a link to my Behance portfolio, so you see some of the previous work I have done in the past. I will send it now, sir.

2:11 - Mikhail Stepanov
Yeah, sure, let's continue, let's show other works as well.

2:15 - Edward Obi
Okay, okay. Okay.

2:19 - Unidentified Speaker
I guess nothing is, are you changing your screen?

2:30 - Edward Obi
Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to bring my Behance portfolio. Okay.

2:41 - Mikhail Stepanov
Maybe, yeah, that's maybe You're not just sharing the full screen.

2:49 - Edward Obi
That's why I guess it's a bit frozen Okay, sorry. Sorry. Um, sorry. Let me let me share Okay, let me you know what? Okay Let me share this different screen Put on a bit Okay, meanwhile meanwhile, right I just want to confirm Uh, let's go to for the package at the moment, right?

3:13 - Mikhail Stepanov
So at the moment we offer you equity half percent, right? For this half a percent, we offer you essentially at the current evaluation of $4 million. This means that you actually will be worth $10,000, right? And once that company will grow, so will your equity. Sorry, will the value of equity, right? And just want to confirm that you're still okay with that. So at the moment, you're just going to work on the equity for 20 hours a week, right?

3:48 - Edward Obi
You're still OK with that? Yeah, I'm OK with that, sir. I'm OK with that.

3:52 - Unidentified Speaker
OK, sounds good.

3:53 - Edward Obi
We talked about it yesterday, and I told you, sir, I was OK with it, right?

3:57 - Mikhail Stepanov
Yeah, so I just wanted to confirm one more time just to double check. OK, thank you.

4:02 - Edward Obi
Yeah, I'm OK with it, sir. Okay.

4:05 - Mikhail Stepanov
I guess first question is, what tool did you use to design this work?

4:16 - Edward Obi
Okay, what I use in designing is Figma. I use Figma, Canva, and Adobe Creative Suite including Adobe Photoshop. And sometimes curatorial, right? I said that, like I told you yesterday, I started designing with curatorial. As I gained more years of most of experience, I moved to Adobe Creative Tools. And then from Adobe Creative Tools, I moved to Figma, right? Yeah. Even while I was doing internship roles and designing works, I still explore other areas in tech like programming, right? So in the sense that, I started developing WordPress sites, right? For, you know, mostly for blogging communities, people that do blog, you know, blog, right? So, yeah. So that was, that was other areas of tech I explored. Yeah, so the tools I use in design is, is Figma, Canva, Adobe Creative Suite, like Adobe Photoshop, then CorelDRAW, yes.

5:27 - Mikhail Stepanov
Can you just quickly show us the works? While you're trying to show your work, let me share my screen for now for our comment for to present your designs that you made for us, right?

6:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, okay.

6:02 - Mikhail Stepanov
So here are the designs, right?

6:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

6:05 - Mikhail Stepanov
So I have like this black card with like green guess lines.

6:10 - Avraham Ilyayev
Just have a quick question, Edward. What did you use to create this.

6:17 - Edward Obi
Was it Figma? Was it Adobe? I think you may be sharing your own screen, Edward.

6:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Edward, can you see my...

6:41 - Edward Obi
Actually, wait.

6:44 - Edward Obi
I can't, I can't, I can't. Okay. Okay.

6:48 - Mikhail Stepanov
Edward, can you, can you go back? Can you go back for a second? Right.

6:54 - Edward Obi
So just, so, um, Edward is still sharing his screen. Okay. Sorry. Stop sharing my screen.

7:00 - Mikhail Stepanov
Sorry. That's okay. That's okay. Uh, I actually did not know they can share two screens at the same time.

7:09 - Unidentified Speaker
That's actually something new.

7:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

7:11 - Mikhail Stepanov
Okay. Uh, yeah. Go back to mate.google.com. I just want to clarify a couple of designs for you. OK, OK. I can see that, sir. I can see that.

7:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

7:23 - Mikhail Stepanov
The first question that I guess Avraham asked you is, did you design it in the Figma? Or did you design it in Canva when you designed it?

7:35 - Edward Obi
OK. To be frank with you, sir. I did this on Canva, but however, I can still do this on Figma. I can do it on Figma too. No, Canva looks fine.

7:47 - Avraham Ilyayev
You know, if it looks good like this and you did it through Canva, that's fine. Okay. But we'd be curious to see how you do it through Figma also.

7:57 - Edward Obi
In Figma? Okay, no problem. I'll do that right away. I'll do that right away, sir. I'll do that right away. Okay, perfect.

8:07 - Avraham Ilyayev
Uh, okay. Yeah, listen, I like it. Very creative. Very nice. So, uh, good job. Yeah. Thank you.

8:15 - Edward Obi
Okay. Thank you, sir.

8:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

8:17 - Mikhail Stepanov
Do we just need like one, uh, picture in Figma? I think that's it. Sorry. I guess it's a question to Avraham. Uh, do we need just like one frame in Figma or how many do we need?

8:32 - Edward Obi
In terms of the piece?

8:34 - Edward Obi
The picture?

8:36 - Edward Obi
Yeah. Uh, no.

8:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

8:39 - Avraham Ilyayev
We just need one picture of the candidate and that's it.

8:47 - Mikhail Stepanov
Or of the, uh, of the instructor. That's it. Okay. Sounds good. Okay, very good. Edward, do you have something local to show? Hold on a minute. I still want to send you my portfolio.

9:10 - Edward Obi
I don't know why the link is not working. I don't know why the link is not working. I don't know why the link is not working.

9:23 - Mikhail Stepanov
Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to... Yeah. OK, well, it's hard to see you forever, I guess, there. That's fine. Not a big deal. Yeah, I guess, yeah, I just want to clarify this request, like, five designs, closer designs.

9:42 - Edward Obi
But OK, that's fine. The problem is it was from the URL I typed.

9:48 - Mikhail Stepanov
The URL.

9:49 - Edward Obi
Yeah, no problem. No problem. Hold on a bit. Hold on a bit. Sorry.

10:09 - Mikhail Stepanov
But it's actually cool how we can have two screen-share processes at the same time in the meeting. That was unique. Okay, so yeah, Edward is showing here.

10:23 - Edward Obi
Yeah, that's me, sir. That's me. This first project here, the last project I released was the one I was telling you about. Someone used it without my permission. Right. They used it without, um, you know, without my consent, they used it as their, um, YouTube top name, without, um, um, my permission. That's the one I'm talking about, sir. This, this right here, this right here. Yeah. This is my URL. I'll send it right away. So you can actually check it out, sir.

11:01 - Mikhail Stepanov
Got it. It's public, right?

11:04 - Edward Obi
It's public. It's public.

11:07 - Mikhail Stepanov
Got it.

11:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

11:09 - Mikhail Stepanov
Well, yeah, I guess your work is good since people are stealing it, right? So while it's bad, but still like it's commendable that people recognize it as a great work for sure.

11:32 - Edward Obi
Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. However, like I said, if you still want me to send some of the work I've done that I've not released on Behance due to people that steal my work, if you still want me to send this out, I can still send it or add you as a user or as a viewer on the project, right? So I can actually go through them and see what we did, including the Pepsi web design that we did, the real estate, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I feel like the one that you sent from the big hands is good.

12:13 - Mikhail Stepanov
Okay, guys. It was very nice to see you, Edward.

12:17 - Avraham Ilyayev
Thank you again. I got to make it to my next meeting. We'll coordinate with Mike in terms of everything, and we'll find why I said everything later today.

12:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

12:31 - Edward Obi
Sorry, I didn't get you, sir.

12:33 - Mikhail Stepanov
Yeah, that's the end of the meeting. Thank you. Have a good day.

12:38 - Edward Obi
OK, thank you.

12:41 - Avraham Ilyayev
Thank you very much.

12:42 - Avraham Ilyayev
Take care. Bye. Mike, stay up.

12:44 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.